Cozero complemented P61 without Tychonoff (#1497)
pi-base/data: theorems/T000142.md

if:
  and:
  - P000029: true
  - P000012: true
then:
  P000061: true
refs:
  - zb: "1067.54015"
    name: Cozero complemented spaces; when the space of minimal prime ideals of a $C(X)$ is compact (Henriksen & Woods)
---

Given a cozero set $U$ in $X$, the open set $X\setminus\overline U$
contains a maximal collection $\mathscr V$ of pairwise disjoint nonempty cozero sets of $X$.
By {P29} $\mathscr V$ is countable,
hence $V=\bigcup\mathscr V$ is a cozero set.
And since $X$ is {P12}, the maximality of $\mathscr V$

> implies that $V$ is dense in $X\setminus\overline U$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hence $V=\bigcup\mathscr V$ is a cozero set disjoint from $\overline U$.
And since $X$ is {P12}, the maximality of $\mathscr V$
implies that $U\cup V$ is dense in $X$.
```

Take or leave this suggestion.
